when uncontrolled he was promised
which if he ever managed to be
champion would be allowed to have their own
talk show we never think
that was possible but unfortunately
happened the champion show with his
host which and fart click ball
unbelievers, no, no queers have
monologue
then go fuck yourself
because monkeys are wolves
we receive my first indicated he is the
coach of the national team ricardo
the court thank you for receiving me
look dagger as I do not understand your language
I brought my own translator
the gómez louse
and I'm fine, they rest, and you
are you going to take to the world or calculated that
the world Cup
we are all crazy you are also in
my against truth what have you been
talking to the press, they are all in my
against but they will not catch me for that
I bring this
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha cult it sells
eggs are already thrown the pinches
marbles is the son of the fuck now
Take this asshole here and God
and if you do not take me to the fucking world
throw over the monumental of the
winners of the next big drawing of the
partner eaglet my next guest
has a whistle voice without eggs the scanner
borghetti so if you do not go to me
talk like a re-asshole you're going to have
to talk to the website and had
then as you feel good right
because as he who read huelva and grace
jones pinche also plates you were you in
your place and now you are the great scorer
of the selection true but where are they
thanks well at least you should
give half your fucking salary to which
I fall group you are talking to me
asshole not with the wow god then
also clicked on the twine because you're going
to england and but you're not going to do it
because you speak English you'll culero
pass just like the famous one from which
we grow Spain and did not even know
speak spanish ultime bastard
the poor asshole when they asked him
If I wanted tapas
and that he preferred the corcholatas of the
morning
old fuck
and you are cinnamon
pinches bites hand knots I fall in my
third guest says the owner of the
fucking chivas jorge grabs me no more than
to talk with you I have to put
face of asshole good if I already have a face
you do not go asshole
whores chivas were going to win the
liberators do not go fagot is already
almost wey well that's all the fucking time
that we have so they will isolate culeros
we see next time if there is in the
show of the champion when he will have
of guests to the coach of the real
valladolid the doctor who laughed at him
when he asked if there was surgery to
remove the hump and taquero that loin
or which you know I'm going to play
england son of the fuck
court wall do not insist on fighting
wave action with my son from the fuck
cut to see and now he told you when
He told me nothing but to remove that
click on England action t-shirt
Hello Hello
Chaile can only tell a goal very
Sad cules for taking vacations
already already calm little you know how much
they are going to pay me in england
son of the fuck